README.md, before:

# Sept 2020 NelaSec Meetup (Virtual)  
- ## What is Pandas?  
    * Python package for Data Analysis  
        * pairs with other packages for Machine Learning
        * quick commands for showing the shape of a dataset (info(), describe())
- ## Why use Pandas, when we have Excel?  
    * Python and Pandas is free and open source
    * Pandas data limit is based on hardware, unline excels row/column limits
    * Scripting and Automation in data pipelines
    * repeatibility, repeatibility, repeatibility    
- ## What are we going to go over?  
    * Select, Transform, Visualize, and Export data  
    * pulling in files/data in various formats : csv, tsv, json  
- ## Additional Resources:
    * ### How to run Python code:  
        * repl.it : Web based codeing environment
        * Anaconda (www.anaconda.com): One stop shop for Python Language, popular packages, and development tools
        * Python Language (www.python.org) : Homepage for the Python Language
        * [iPython Notbooks] Google Colaboratory (https://colab.research.google.com/)
    * ### Additional Practice with Pandas
        * Guipsamora's Pandas excersizes (https://github.com/guipsamora/pandas_exercises) : Examples with bad data that needs to be cleaned/handled. The excercises focus on specific skills and they all have a solutions file to compare against.  

[![Run on Repl.it](https://repl.it/badge/github/bobblee/NelaSec_Sep2020_Meetup)](https://repl.it/github/bobblee/NelaSec_Sep2020_Meetup)

Commit message:

Trying out Google Colab badges

README.md, after:

# Sept 2020 NelaSec Meetup (Virtual)  
- ## What is Pandas?  
    * Python package for Data Analysis  
        * pairs with other packages for Machine Learning
        * quick commands for showing the shape of a dataset (info(), describe())
- ## Why use Pandas, when we have Excel?  
    * Python and Pandas is free and open source
    * Pandas data limit is based on hardware, unline excels row/column limits
    * Scripting and Automation in data pipelines
    * repeatibility, repeatibility, repeatibility    
- ## What are we going to go over?  
    * Select, Transform, Visualize, and Export data  
    * pulling in files/data in various formats : csv, tsv, json  
- ## Additional Resources:
    * ### How to run Python code:  
        * repl.it : Web based codeing environment
        * Anaconda (www.anaconda.com): One stop shop for Python Language, popular packages, and development tools
        * Python Language (www.python.org) : Homepage for the Python Language
        * [iPython Notbooks] Google Colaboratory (https://colab.research.google.com/)
    * ### Additional Practice with Pandas
        * Guipsamora's Pandas excersizes (https://github.com/guipsamora/pandas_exercises) : Examples with bad data that needs to be cleaned/handled. The excercises focus on specific skills and they all have a solutions file to compare against.  

[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)]https://colab.research.google.com/github/bobblee/NelaSec_Sep2020_Meetup/blob/master/notebooks/Pandas_csv.ipynb)
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)]https://colab.research.google.com/github/bobblee/NelaSec_Sep2020_Meetup/blob/master/notebooks/Pandas_tsv.ipynb)
[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)]https://colab.research.google.com/github/bobblee/NelaSec_Sep2020_Meetup/blob/master/notebooks/Pandas_json.ipynb)
[![Run on Repl.it](https://repl.it/badge/github/bobblee/NelaSec_Sep2020_Meetup)](https://repl.it/github/bobblee/NelaSec_Sep2020_Meetup)
